hi everyone so today I'm going to be
doing another tutorial and this hair
hairstyle is going to be inspired I was
inspired by one of the girls on SNSD i
totally forgot her name when I remember
her name um I will put an annotation
letting you know her name because i
believe afternoon but I like her
hairstyle there and I probably link em a
picture of her so you can you guys can
see what her hairstyle look like so now
we are going to start off with a curly
hair so my hair I already did done I'm
curling my hair these are actually
keyless ways so if you guys want to see
how I did this hair how I did this
heatless curls or waves people's girls
way just click on the link right here
it's exactly what I've done on my Taylor
Swift hair tutorial by the way my hair
my hair is a bit quite curly now but as
soon as it goes down later on it'll be
just you know it will be just um soft
waste now it's very very creamy but
later on ultras go down and it'll look a
lot more
a lot more not super curly of fist so if
y'all I would just see them how to do it
then just keep your watching okay so
first off take a subsection on the front
of your head and then keep on twisting
it and as you go add in more hair to
your twist
and once you get there
secure that side twist in place using
two bobby pins
yes I am aware that i'm filming outside
actually watching me doing this tutorial
and by neighbors thinks I'm crazy so
last bobby pin
I've ever my dear gather section of hair
just like that in check on christine
and then overlap that onto your side
twist and pin that on to the other side
of your hair
of your heads I mean other side of your
head
now once you've done that gather all
your hair to the side
from here you might want to cover that
part up with your
section of hair right there so that you
know it blends with
everything
alright so that's the finished look
right there and if you want to make your
side twist look even more fuller just
kind of like loosen the twist
just to make it look even more fuller to
define
so now this is the back view
so it looks like hook back
and my version is more of like the
curlier and wave your version because if
you look in the music video her hair was
kind of like she has these loose waves
and mine is like more defined so I'm
going to wait until the girls are loose
and I'm going to refill McGann so you
guys can see the lousier version of it
so this is how it looks like when the
waves are loose and yeah i'll show you
guys one more time how it looks like at
the back
and this is such an easy prom hairstyle
that you know it's very easy to do and
he doesn't require you a lot of time or
a lot of all my pens or anything and
that's me losing my balance
yeah I hope you guys enjoy this tutorial
and I will see you in my next video bye